Clarified instructions for Linux users + updated docs' link (#14)
theos/orion: Guides/Getting Started.md

## Preface

If you are using Orion for tweak development, it is recommended that you use it with Theos. This guide assumes that you have Theos installed; if you haven't done that yet, please follow the [installation instructions](https://theos.dev/docs/installation) for Theos and then return to this guide.

If you wish to use Orion without Theos, please refer to the "[Using Orion Without Theos](using-orion-without-theos.html)" guide.

This guide will show you how to make a simple Orion tweak which… spices up text labels a little. We will target the VLC Media Player iOS app since it is [open source](https://github.com/videolan/vlc-ios) and supports a large range of iOS versions, however most other apps should work too.

To follow along, you will require the following things:

> - [Theos](https://github.com/theos/theos/wiki/Installation) on a machine running macOS, Windows 10 with WSL, or Linux. If you're on a Linux environment, please make sure to install the Swift package from [here](https://www.swift.org/download/).

Reviewer: Let's update the wiki link to theos.dev here too. Also, I'd modify the wording a little:
```suggestion
- [Theos](https://theos.dev/docs/installation) on a machine running macOS, Windows 10 with WSL, or Linux. If you're in a Linux environment, you must install a [host Swift toolchain](https://www.swift.org/download/) in addition to a Swift-compatible iOS toolchain.
```

Author: Yep, that sounds better indeed. Committed the requested changes.
